# DS101-koyenko
&lt;h1> &lt;img src="https://github.githubassets.com/images/icons/emoji/unicode/1f52d.png?v8" width="50" height="50" /> Egnite - Data Science Project &lt;/h1> &lt;h3> What is this project all about?&lt;/h3>  Think of gathering the news articles related to a topic of your interest (eg. Cricket/Robotics) all around the world. You’ll end up with 1000s of articles a day from various news agencies across the world. Reading through all these articles, analyzing the trend and deriving metrics are not a manageable workload for human beings. It’s one of the typical industry requirements for generating insights from large amount of data generated every minute at internet. &lt;br/> In this project, You’ll be coding your first data science project to solve this real-time industry usecase in a structured way. Your project will guide you through various level and will help you to deliver the solution. Some of the concepts where you will get hands-on exposure through this course: &lt;ul> &lt;li>Gathering and Managing Big Data&lt;/li>   &lt;li> Apply data analytics &lt;/li> &lt;li> Advanced Analytics &lt;/li> &lt;li> Visualizing outcomes &lt;/li> &lt;li> Presenting business insights &lt;/li> &lt;/ul> &lt;h3> What can you expect from this project? &lt;/h3> The course will offer you hands-on experience with the data science project. This has been designed to guide you through various levels and each level will be provided with a set of instructions to follow. &lt;br/> If you are stuck anywhere in any of the levels, you’ll be provided with Buddy assistance which includes interacting with industry SMEs to clarify your questions. &lt;br/> At the end of the course, you'll be able to demonstrate your technical abilities in handling big data, conducting sentiment analysis and deriving business insights for enterprises. &lt;br/>&lt;br/> Click &lt;b>Issues&lt;/b> to switch to table view or see a single department. &lt;br/>&lt;br/> &lt;i>Each issue is a part of the milestone. Close all the issues within a milestone to complete it. Each of the milestone has an attached due date. This due date is a reminder to help you stay on track. However we understand that not everyone learns at the same pace, this deadline is flexible and you can complete the project at your own pace.&lt;/i>
